# Agricultural policy dataset
The description of the data has been published in the journal - Scientific Data. The title of the article "Metricising policy texts: Comprehensive dataset on China's Agri-policy intensity spanning 1982-2023."
1, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Document No. 1 of the Central Committee of China and Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of the People's Republic of China contain the original collection of relevant datasets.
2, The file Agricultural policy intensity dataset contains four contents, all of which are datasets obtained from the study of the paper "China's Agricultural Policy Intensity from 1982 to 2023". Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences file score collection. Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences file score collection.xlsx folder contains the scores of agricultural policy documents related to the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences. collection of Central No.1 File Scores.xlsx folder contains the scores of policy documents related to the Central No.1 Document. Collection of Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Documentation scores.xlsx folder, contains scores corresponding to agricultural policy documents of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of China. Chinese Agricultural Policy Corpus and its scores.xlsx file contains the corpus of agricultural policies generated in the study "China's Agricultural Policy Intensity from 1982 to 2023" and the quantitative values of the corresponding words.
3, In the code folder, two files are included: corpus_building_code.docx and stop_words.txt. where corpus_building_code.docx contains the corpus building code for this paper, and stop_words.txt contains the stop words in the data preprocessing phase of the file. The whole code is in python language and runs on jupyter.
